After all, you still think I'm superfluous
Then I'd better go first
Xiaoyan, how can you think so?
You just accepted the textile mill now.
There are still a lot of things to do
How could I invite you?
Yu Shuang, what do you mean?
You helped me so much before
The earth always invites you
Now I finally have a chance to help you
Why didn't you find me?
Xiaoyan, I understand what you mean.
I helped you a lot.
But you saved my life once.
It's nothing at all
And Icho has helped me so much on your behalf
So in fact, I owe you there.
It's not that I owe you much
I owe you so much
It's how much I owe you
Ok what who owes whom
It's all family shut up
Okay, okay.
I apologize to you
Next time if I have trouble again
I must ask you for help, okay?
It's very long. Okay, sit
Hey, by the way, Yiqiu
What should we do next?
Fangyuan Chinese New Year gift box
It has taken up all the market styles
So here we go.
Do you want to continue to get Chinese New Year gift boxes?
Of course, and the Chinese New Year gift box has to be innovative.
You can innovate.
But we have already got the gift box packaging.
Got a few more cards to win the lottery
What else is innovative?
Of course there is innovation
Innovative content
Here it is.